We're sorry your site is experiencing this heavy load from Tor. 

However, it is possible that your rate limiting alarms simply
experienced a false positive due to the amount of traffic that flows
through the router. We provide service to almost a gigabit of traffic
per second, 98% of which is web traffic.
       
If the attack is real and ongoing, however,  the Tor project provides
an automated DNSRBL for you to query to block login attempts coming
from Tor nodes: https://www.torproject.org/tordnsel/
	                                                   
It is also possible to download a list of all Tor exit IPs that will
connect to your server port:
https://check.torproject.org/cgi-bin/TorBulkExitList.py?ip=YOUR_IP&port=80

In general however, we believe that problems like this are best solved
by improving the service to defend against the attack from the Internet
at large. 

Scraping and robot activity can be reduced/slowed by captchas, which is
the approach taken by Gmail for this same problem. In fact, Google
provides a free captcha service, complete with code for easy inclusion
in a number of systems to help other sites deal with this issue:
https://code.google.com/apis/recaptcha/intro.html

Slow DoS attacks aimed to consume the Apache MaxClients limit
(http://www.guerilla-ciso.com/archives/2049) can be alleviated by 
reducing the httpd.conf TimeOut and KeepAliveTimeout config values 
to 15-30 and raising the ServerLimit and MaxClients values to 
something like 3000.

If this fails, DoS attempts can also be solved with iptables-based rate
limiting solutions, load balancers such as nginx, and also IPS devices,
but be aware that Internet traffic is not always uniform in quantity by
IP, due to large corporate and even national outproxies, NATs, and 
services like Tor.
													   
http://kevin.vanzonneveld.net/techblog/article/block_brute_force_attacks_with_iptables/
http://cd34.com/blog/webserver/ddos-attack-mitigation/
http://deflate.medialayer.com/

