## Place & time
22/12/2015 20:00 @ [Favela]( https://www.facebook.com/Favelaalternativedrinksncoffee/)

## Agenda
- Mobile dev speakers for the upcoming meetup
- Upcoming events in Rethymno-Chania
- Ideas for other places in Crete
- iGenCoders stuff
- We need community's emails to contact them for the beerups and other meetings
- We need to chill out, have some pints of beer, feel the Christmas spirit and celebrate the end of 2015 with 191 members, 5 meetups and a few other side events

## Meeting moments
- Mobile dev speakers for the upcoming meetup
 - Create gitter channel w/ Kritsotakis, Giorgos and Sifis


- Upcoming events in Rethymno-Chania
 - Github issue for each event
 - Michalis will contact the organizers to find out how we can contribute


- Ideas for other places in Crete.
 - We can throw some meetups in order to bring the devs together and find the people who want to get involved on site. We can help them with the tools and the processes.


- iGenCoders stuff
 - We begin with research, data gathering and organization on coding courses, games, kits and tutorials, on pros and cons for the profession and related data. We'll make some presentations for schools (higher grades) in 2016, and for a students' festival. We can also have a stand / lab in the latter. Finally, we'll gather some data on code dojos and other coding events like code week etc.


- We need community's emails, and other details
 - Each Beerup will be announced as a new md file in our repo under the beerups/ folder.


- ΙοΤ:
 - There was some discussion and it seems it's a topic that interests some people a lot. A massive order of kits is going to be arranged anytime soon.


- Docker meetups:
 - The 2nd Docker Meetup is been scheduled for the end of January '16. We should arrange the 2nd Docker Hack Session until 20/1/16.
