jobs/README.md, before:

# DevStaff Community Job Openings

In this section you can find some job openings listed by our community members.
If you want to add a new job opening do it at the top of the list below, git
commit, git push, and create a pull request on GitHub.

__Be advised that Job Openings older than 3 months will be removed for the sake
of keeping the board up to date. Feel free to repost.__

## C# Software Engineer @ [Ortec](https://ortec.com/)

ORTEC is a global leader in advanced analytics and optimization software, helping organizations improve efficiency and decision‑making through smart, data‑driven solutions. 

We are seeking a C# Software Engineer to join our team in Heraklion, Crete (hybrid work). In this role, you will design, develop, and maintain backend systems using C# and .NET, working on projects with real‑world impact across various industries.

<b>Why Join:</b> Work with modern technologies, collaborate with experienced professionals, and contribute to products that make a difference.

<b>Apply here:</b> [View vacancy](https://ortec.com/en/careers/career/backend%20developer?id=a0wSZ00000ANQTtYAP)

PubDate: 30/10/2025

Commit message:

Add Cisco Internship
* Add internship at Cisco
* Cleanup old job

jobs/README.md, after:

# DevStaff Community Job Openings

In this section you can find some job openings listed by our community members.
If you want to add a new job opening do it at the top of the list below, git
commit, git push, and create a pull request on GitHub.

__Be advised that Job Openings older than 3 months will be removed for the sake
of keeping the board up to date. Feel free to repost.__

## Research Intern @ Cisco
In this internship with the BGP research group, you get to study how BGP is used in the real world and develop algorithms, analyses, and tools that improve understanding of how networks interconnect and how to better protect this critical Internet infrastructure.

As an intern, you’ll work on concrete, open-ended research problems. You’ll use statistics, data science, and AI/ML techniques to analyze large-scale BGP data, characterize routing behavior and dynamics, and prototype algorithms that advance understanding of Internet topology and interconnection.

Throughout the internship, you’ll collaborate closely with experienced researchers, engineers, and product partners. You’ll be mentored by a dedicated researcher and own a well-scoped project, and see your work progress from exploration and prototyping toward solutions that can influence solutions and products used by large enterprises and network operators.

This internship is designed to be hands-on, impactful, and fast-moving, with a strong emphasis on learning, experimentation, and turning research ideas into practical solutions. In addition to influencing production systems, your work will contribute to internal research artifacts, technical reports, and research publications. ThousandEyes BGP Research team frequently presents at leading community and academic venues such as NANOG, RIPE, and IMC.

[Apply](https://careers.cisco.com/global/en/job/2006626/Internet-Measurement-Research-Intern-BGP-Research-Team-Cisco-ThousandEyes)

PubDate: 10/02/2026
